csv export docker reference (#485)
subquery/documentation: docs/run_publish/references.md

subql-node --csv-out-dir=/csv-dir/ -f subql-project.ts
```

::: tip Note

> If you are keen on utilising this functionality while running a project through docker-compose, it is important to consider your current volume mounts in the configuration. If you initiated your project using a template, it is likely that you already have Docker volumes mounted, typically defined in a `docker-compose.yaml` file as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When running your project using Docker, it is important to consider your current volume mounts. If you initiated your project using a template, it is likely that you already have Docker volumes mounted, typically defined in a `docker-compose.yaml` file as follows:
```
